I thought it looked crude but mark said
that if you control the crocodile with
ropes you allow it to go into its
natural attack role which will exhaust
the thing from yesterday saying that
crocodiles you know I didn't like them
what have you you know it must be pretty
daunting for an animal to be locked in
the pen like that for a while and then
for 20 big men to come in and attack it
or not attack it but get it rope it roll
it must be pretty scary for me I could
easily kill me easily kill me only once
it's tired out is it's safe to do
something about that Mouse they're not
going to jump on it do any control
it's amazing to think the cover in its
eyes and sitting on it actually calms
the thing down enough to take its mouth
shut
it's just basically proof date that's
enough to secure its jaws I think mark
was on a bit of a mission to change my
mind about these crocks and Natalie if
you want to come in and take Bill's
place on the machine that's the way I'd
like you to stay on the legs if you're
right there you can actually feel it
Giuliana you guys comfortable
yep okay the SEC's coming off his eyes I
can't so any movement completely still
okay now what's he doing there now part
of my team's job was to do a population
study about the sexing namely during
this study mark has handled enough
crocodiles to know what makes them fleet
and sexing them apparently doesn't faze
them and you tailed by the size yeah so
give me the hint ready okay so that's
the vent thing yeah okay so what you're
gonna do is you gonna force you you're
here not pin to that yeah keep on
forcing it and at some stage here you're
gonna feel a really solid like you're
talking your finger oh yeah that's a bit
big so this is actually a mile is it
through mama
they said expect bigger
we get him up here and he's not the
strain of his head they just ten years
ago a crop like this one would have been
shot
at least now he faces some kind of a
future being a fertile male he was being
sent off to become a breeder in a
crocodile farm then something really
strange happened I looked into that
trailer and I swear the crocodile right
back at me I had made eye contact with
an 11-foot predator someone said to me
when I asked about crocodile if they
like them or not I don't really like him
by a long spectrum and I do believe I
agree with that phrase respect is there
any way I think